So I would like to say that way are in Not in a zero defect, maybe right
now. So I'm not sure that that is the case. I don't think that's
ever been the case. Not as accepting of failures. Um, So to avoid that,
you have to do as many drills as many run throughs practice around
this dry run scenario planning etcetera that you could possibly think
of. This is where the aviators have over us where they could do
the simulators. Just fly the simulator, fly the simulant, fly the simulator.
I have been told that the pilots that flew the J 35 simulators
blow a vast and got, you know, absolute a number one scores were
then, at the least, crashes off the aircraft when they were finally
giving. So run your drills while you're in a decade. Be part of that
personally, as ah, Chief imaginary officer, I was always the number
one nozzle and going into the fire, I always wanted to know how hot
it got in those fires and great legs. That's where we went in my
time for 55 trained. And you want to know one of your body Teddy when
you have to go put out a fire. So what do that by doing? So do thrills.
Try to figure out what you can do that will help you be prepared
for this zero defects mentalities that you're gonna be facing.